Oh
hey everyone
my name is Taylor Rosenbauer and welcome
to another finger tips episode today I
will be teaching you how to varial
kickflip on the fingerboard the very
okay flip is a combination of both a pop
shuvit and a kickflip now i've already
covered both of these tricks and
previous fingertips episodes so if you
don't know how to do those tricks go
ahead and check out those previous
episodes so if you've got the pop shuvit
and a kickflip down you're definitely
ready to learn varial kick flips here's
how to do to do a varial kickflip place
your back finger on the tip of the tail
and place your front finger behind the
front four bullets
begin moving forward and pop the tail of
your board straight down as you would
for pop shuvit slide your front finger
up and let it catch the corner of the
nose just enough to make it begin
rotating and flipping away from you it's
the front finger not the back finger
that gets the board both flipping and
rotating during a varial kickflip as the
board completes one flip and a
180-degree rotation
catch the board with both fingers land
and roll away the biggest problem that I
had with learning varial kick flips was
over rotating the board like this now
there's two solutions I came up with or
fix you missed one move your front
finger in towards the middle of the
board a little bit more I found that
this gives you a lot more control over
the
flip it just a little bit slower the
second thing that I found that really
helps me was using a wider fingerboard
this is a thirty two millimeter Burwood
deck if you're using anything skinnier
than that I recommend trying a wider
board because they gives you more
surface area and then probe or finger
positions to mess around wider boards
also tend to flip a lot slower well that
concludes this episode of fingertips
again my name is Taylor Rosenbauer and
thanks for watching
you